feat(addons): introduce `hooks.timeout` syntax in addon manifest (#112)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: ref/addons.md

| `description`         | string       | Description of the addon.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                       |
| `provides`            | object       | Additional capabilities that this addon provides to the container. See individual items for details.                                                                                                                          |                                       |
| `provides.abi-support`| string array | Tells AMS that this addon adds support for the given architecture even if the application doesn't support it natively. Use this when your addon brings instruction translation or provides libraries for other architectures. | `arm64-v8a`, `armeabi-v7a`, `armeabi` |

> | `hooks.timeout`| string | Execution timeout for each hook included in an addon. The timeout is set by default to 5 minutes and can be extended up to 15 minutes. Configure this if a hook takes longer than 5 minutes to finish. | `10m` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hooks.timeout`| string | Execution timeout for each hook that is included in an addon. By default, the timeout is set to 5 minutes. It can be extended to up to 15 minutes. Configure this option if a hook takes longer than 5 minutes to finish. | `10m` |
```

> | `hooks.timeout`| string | Execution timeout for each hook that is included in an addon. By default, the timeout is set to 5 minutes. It can be extended up to 15 minutes. Configure this option if a hook takes longer than 5 minutes to finish. | `10m` |

Reviewer: Sorry, one more nitpick:
```suggestion
| `hooks.timeout`| string | Execution timeout for each hook that is included in an addon. By default, the timeout is set to 5 minutes. It can be extended to up to 15 minutes. Configure this option if a hook takes longer than 5 minutes to finish. | `10m` |
```
You need the two "to" in there - "up to 15 minutes" because it can be 15 or less, and "extended to" because if you had a fixed number, you would also say "extended to 15 minutes" and not "extended 15 minutes".

> | `hooks.timeout`| string | Execution timeout for each hook that is included in an addon. By default, the timeout is set by default to 5 minutes. It can be extended to up 15 minutes. Configure this option if a hook takes longer than 5 minutes to finish. | `10m` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hooks.timeout`| string | Execution timeout for each hook that is included in an addon. By default, the timeout is set to 5 minutes. It can be extended to up to 15 minutes. Configure this option if a hook takes longer than 5 minutes to finish. | `10m` |
```

Author: hmm, looks like I missed this one.
Thanks. fixed.

![Hooks execution in the life cycle of a container|471x601](https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/bc9b1291-addons-reference-hook-order.png)

### Hook timeouts

> All hooks are subject to a 5 minute timeout by default to avoid blocking a container for too long. The timeout can be configured with `hooks.timeout` key in the addon manifest. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all hooks are subject to a 5 minute timeout to avoid blocking a container for too long. The timeout can be configured through the `hooks.timeout` key in the addon manifest. For example:
```

> By default, all hooks are subject to a 5 minute timeout by default to avoid blocking a container for too long. The timeout can be configured through with `hooks.timeout` key in the addon manifest. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all hooks are subject to a 5 minute timeout to avoid blocking a container for too long. The timeout can be configured through the `hooks.timeout` key in the addon manifest. For example:
```

```yaml
name: my-addon
description: an example addon
hooks:
  timeout: 15m
```

A hook that runs into a timeout exits with an error.

> [note type="information" status="Note"]Any value longer than 15 minutes would be considered invalid.[/note]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note type="information" status="Note"]Values longer than 15 minutes are considered invalid and ignored.[/note]
```

Reviewer: Are they just ignored? Or do they raise an error?

Author: The latter one -> this will raise an error.

Reviewer: OK great, then we don't need to mention what happens, because users will see it. :)

```suggestion
[note type="information" status="Note"]Values longer than 15 minutes are considered invalid.[/note]
```

![Hooks execution in the life cycle of a container|471x601](https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/bc9b1291-addons-reference-hook-order.png)

### Hook timeouts

> All hooks are subject to a 5 minute timeout by default to avoid blocking a container for too long. The timeout can be configured with `hooks.timeout` key in the addon manifest. Any value longer than 15 minutes would be considered invalid.

Reviewer 2: Can we give an example here on how to set the `hooks.timeout` value?
